hey guys what's going on can't compare
music playing horde and amend alliance
character for pvp but that's not why I'm
making the video as you can see my
action bar is the Diablo action bar we
just toss these over it is the I diablo
3 action bar and i'm going to show you
guys how you can get one of these and
it's pretty simple so let me just head
to my desktop alright so once once
you're ready to install out there are
three things you gotta install which is
this thing this thing and this thing and
i'll tell you what these are here you're
going to need bartender for our BBS and
artwork frame and the our BBS diablo 3
adjusted you don't have to get the
diablo 3 justin if you scroll down on
these the our BBS and artwork frame page
there are a bunch of different ones you
can select right here and i chose that
one because i thought it best fitted Wow
and Diablo at the same time and the main
reason I have it is for a little health
bar in the mana thing so I can see my
health a lot easier than trying to look
up quickly or have my little things at
the bottom so these are what you're
going to need to download i will put the
link for all three of them in the
description and we're going to do is go
to computer local disk c program files
and if you have a x 86 one you click on
that one and scroll all the way down to
world of warcraft go to the interface
click on add ons and then it will be a
list of all your add-ons and if you
don't have any addons it should be empty
I think and we're going to need to do is
just click extract here for all of them
and extract you
so we open all of them make sure you
have stuff inside of them like this I am
like this and like that because that way
you don't want to be putting the folder
in there with the folder inside that
folder because then it won't work so you
want to extract those drag them all in
here which I already have them in there
so I'm not going to drag them in and you
pretty much just close out of that open
while back up check your add-ons thing
before you log into your character see
if they're in there and if one of them
might say it's out a date click at the
top load out of date add-ons and it
should work so then you'll have pretty
cool gamble three wow action bar okay
now when you get in game and you have it
all installed your action bar is going
to look something like this so I'm going
to show you how you can fix it on your
mini-map you'll see this little beer
looking icon bartender before you click
on that all right click it to and right
right away on the side you want to click
the blizzard art bar and you're going to
click click the checkmark and able to
turn that off
and you can go ahead and close out that
and move your action bars around and
your action bar one is probably going to
want to go inside this one oops guard
here and we're gonna want it and then I
keep my micro menu right down here and
my bag menu here Pat bar I set right
there drag this over here and then let
me just move this quick so that way
that's not in the way you have this you
can move that out of the way because
that's probably in the way of the action
bar and just trying to figure out where
my thing was I am going to put this one
right here bar six can go right there
so this is pretty much it how you make
it look like that
pretty much turn it off like that or
actually I think I headed 6 first and
then five so I mounter up on top on this
bar so I go 15 already confused 165 for
this bar action from bottom to top and
that's pretty much how you get your bar
to look like that and the little bubbles
do work if I were to take falling damage
right here it will go down Oh as you
just went down and I could eat and it
won't go up same with manna will do the
same thing anyway yeah tell us that
lineup pretty simple if you guys like
this video click like and don't forget
to subscribe